RFC 1000 edits (#16)
edgedb/rfcs: text/1000-migrations.rst

Each migration is stored in a separate file.  Files are named using a
simple monotonic decimal counter ('00001.edgeql', '00002.edgeql', etc).
The contents of the file is the body of the migration and must be valid
EdgeQL containing exactly one ``CREATE MIGRATION`` statement that completely
describes a given migration::

>     CREATE MIGRATION <name> ONTO <parent> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    CREATE MIGRATION <name> ONTO <parent-name> {
```

        SET message := <migration message>;
        <Migration EdgeQL text>
    }

Migration Identifiers
=====================

Each migration has a unique identifier that is derived from its contents.  It
is spiritually analogous to commit ids in Git.  The format of the migration
name is as follows::

    "m" <version> <hash>

    # where
    #   <version>
    #     the single-digit version number of migration name derivation
    #     algorithm, currently only "1" is a valid value;
    #   <hash>
    #     the hash of the migration contents; in version 1 specified as:
    #
    #       base32 ( sha256 ( <tokenstream> ) ),
    #

>     #     where <tokenstream> is a concatenation of lexemes produced
>     #     by tokenizing a CREATE MIGRATION command representing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #     where <tokenstream> is a concatenation of tokens produced
    #     by lexing a CREATE MIGRATION command representing
```
